Improved README (#1)
Platform-OS/ci-repository-reserve-instance-url: README.md

# ci-repository-reserve-instance-url

This repository provides a custom GitHub Action for reserving and releasing CI instances. These instances are important for deploying applications and running tests in isolated and consistent environments, which helps avoid conflicts and ensures reliable test results.

## Why Reserve an Instance?

Each developer working on a branch triggers tests, and the tests need to run somewhere on platformOS. We need to **reserve an instance** on which the application will be deployed and then the test will be run against it. This avoids conflicts that might arise from running multiple tests simultaneously on the same instance. It also ensures consistency across test runs, making it easier to identify issues.

The reserved instance needs to be **released** after the tests are complete. This is an important step to ensure that the instance is available for future tests. PlatformOS' internal solution involves a pool of 6 instances (ci.1, ci.2, ci.3, ci.4, ci.5, ci.6) shared across projects.

The process works as follows:

- The first available instance that is not currently used by any other GitHub Action is taken and removed from the pool.

> - This prevents running 3 or 4 tests in parallel on the same instance, which would cause conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This prevents multiple projects from running their tests in parallel on the same instance, which would cause conflicts.
```
